Adding instructions for native private packages (#7593)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_packages_or_dependencies.md

- If you only use packages like those from the [dbt Hub](https://hub.getdbt.com/), remain with `packages.yml`.
- Use `packages.yml` when you want to download dbt packages, such as dbt projects, into your root or parent dbt project. Something to note is that it doesn't contribute to the dbt Mesh workflow.

> - Use `packages.yml` to include packages in your project's dependencies. Previously, if you had private packages that you needed to reference, `packages.yml` was the way to go. However, support for [native private packages](/docs/build/packages#native-private-packages-) is now available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `packages.yml` to include packages in your project's dependencies. This includes both public packages, such as those from the [dbt Hub](https://hub.getdbt.com/), and private packages. dbt now supports [native private packages](/docs/build/packages#native-private-packages).
```

> - Use `packages.yml` to include packages in your project's dependencies. Previously, if you had private packages that you need to reference, `packages.yml` was the way to go. However, [natively supported private packages](/docs/build/packages#native-private-packages-) are now in available.

Author: ```suggestion
- Use `packages.yml` to include packages in your project's dependencies. Previously, if you had private packages that you needed to reference, `packages.yml` was the way to go. However, support for [native private packages](/docs/build/packages#native-private-packages-) is now available.
```

- `packages.yml` supports Jinja rendering for historical reasons, allowing dynamic configurations. This can be useful if you need to insert values, like a [Git token method](/docs/build/packages#git-token-method) from an environment variable, into your package specifications.

> Previously, to use private Git repositories in dbt, you needed to use a workaround that involved embedding a Git token with Jinja. This is not ideal as it requires extra steps like creating a user and sharing a git token. We’ve introduced support for [native private packages](/docs/build/packages#native-private-packages-) to address this.

Author: ```suggestion
Previously, to use private Git repositories in dbt, you needed to use a workaround that involved embedding a Git token with Jinja. This is not ideal as it requires extra steps like creating a user and sharing a Git token. We’ve introduced support for [native private packages](/docs/build/packages#native-private-packages-) to address this.
```
